now Trevor Phillips oh you're crazy I
ain't calling him I thought you might
say that so we had him picked up
that's a dumb move Dave real fucking
dumb you're sure
[Music]
so many Popo one in jail me but I always
make bail see what's 50 grand to a lot
but I like me can you please remind me
ball so big I don't give a fuck you
crabs in time time to bust enough pubs
full of always that look to blow which
the crab smell cheap like a suction cup
of awesome big they look weird abortions
I gotta put ears also become revered
walk down the street and all the kids
cheer so damn big they gather them to
the truck about to dump on whoever's in
luck there Tracy Amanda Jimmy Mike your
family's sake
laughs I think I got a fuckin cop just
slips in and out like a pickup I try
back rub but no cows near foster my dick
gonna pocket ball so big now they burn
to only zap the boob for like a minute
or two it he stole did you dick like a
scalded my dick you be an LS gonna fuck
you all so big time to get a nice one a
boss with Mary Jane and the false skin
look sizzling need an ice pack from a
hot lady also baked I need relief but
tender blow from any one of me I'm out
next this psycho and if I don't get what
I want I shoot up the whole skirt
I went to jail me that's gray let's cry
then she cried I killed so many pop I
wanna jail me that's great that's great
yo Tracy come and suck a pony's balls
I'm gonna shower you like Niagara Falls
come and meet me where you play your
racquetball and now my pussy in front of
all so big then she cried you know Tracy
but you didn't expect two melons in the
bags
I might think so smile cute little face
but I'll focus on that my father but
amazing teenage girl
grab my hand she wanted some of that
crank excuse my French but I stuck my
dear to get some avea now Chris Brown I
do it right if you ask me sour sin
Rihanna fear the obituary shout at me
about you you punched me I shook you and
you should we never go dates me I'll
fuck you I got no limits and no loyalty
enough said ha I was fingering Tracy
before I thought Mike was dead what the
fuck what are you gonna stand here and
argue while your daughter becomes the
national laughingstock so go go so many
Popo in the jail me
[Music]
get a job you lazy slut
to win the Noonan I'm fuming they say
I'm possessed it's an omen I'll keep an
aggressive like I'm hoping I'm talking
Avengers not that pussy oh good Rekha no
token I live in the moment it up in the
Menace for the longest